

















































































































In order to reach the True Ending, the player has to do the following:

1. The first item can be obtained by interacting with Arkos' grave in Martyrdom Cemetery. After interacting with the grave, 
   the player will have the option to fight Arkos. Defeating him grants the 'Crimson Wrath's Light' item.

   Sidenote: Once the level of progression reaches 10, Anfarwol, the boss of Martyrdom Cemetery, will destroy Arkos' grave, making it impossible to 
   interact with on that cycle. The player must either interact with the grave before progression reaches that level or kill Anfarwol beforehand.

2. The next required item is the 'Faint Light of Pale Eternity'. The player must first complete the game once and unlock the option to start new cycles.
   Once the player transitions into a new cycle, the door to Gwirionedd Orphanage will be permanently unlocked, allowing early access to the Promised Garden - Seren location. 
   The player must reach the Garden’s boss, Risu, at progression 0 in that new cycle. Upon defeating her, the player will achieve the [Her World] ending and obtain the 'Faint Light of Pale Eternity' item.

   Sidenote: To get the item, the player has to enter the Garden without meeting Fetus, which will cause her to die and prevent the True Ending from being obtainable in that cycle. 
   However, that is not really an issue as the player can immediately start a new cycle after defeating Risu. The [Her World] ending can also be achieved by losing to Risu, but this will not grant the required item.

3. The next item is 'Blue Plague's Light', obtained by defeating the Corrupted Hero boss in the Blue Frontier area.

4. The final required item is 'Abyssal Dream's Light', obtained by defeating Maruoris, the boss of Abyssal Sanctum, very early into a cycle.

After collecting all of these items, Fetus will now appear in Gwirionedd Orphanage, sitting in front of one of the benches. The player needs to talk to her. 
If she died in the current cycle, the player must start a new one to make her appear.

Once the player is done talking with Fetus, they will have to go to the Promised Garden - Seren and meet with Fetus there. After that, they will have to defeat Risu again.

After Risu is defeated, the Umbral Basin's seal will be unlocked (Unless it has already been unlocked by the player in that cycle by defeating the four Daughters of Wrath)
and the red crystal in the orphanage will also have the Umbral Basin location unlocked (It will be called 'Obetion's Scar' in the crystal, though).

Upon reaching the distortion in the Umbral Basin, the final step to achieve the True Ending is to defeat Dial.
